# TravelGO
TravelGO is an MVC structured backend web service developed in Golang.
It handles the project's logistics and stores data by providing RESTful APIs for the front end to access.
One should follow the following steps to deploy this project on the server.


//preparing the database
1. Create a database called travelGoDb first:
   "mysql -u root -p"
   "CREATE DATABASE travelGoDb;"
   "exit"

2. Then use the sql dump on the database just created
   "mysql -u root -p childTuningDB < TravelGoDb.sql"

//deploy program
1. Ensure that the latest version of Golang (at least go 1.20) is correctly installed on the server.

2. Open backend/provider/provider.go and modify the "defaultDB" variable's value to connect to your database:
   "username:password@tcp(127.0.0.1:port)/TravelGoDb?parseTime=true"
   Replace username, password, and port with the appropriate values for your database.

3. Run the following command in the terminal to download the necessary dependencies:
   "go mod tidy"

4. Ensure that port :9991 is not already in use and that the server's firewall allows access to this port.

5. Deploy the program in the background by running the following command:
   "nohup go run main.go > logger.log &"

6. This will start the backend service and create a file called "logger.log" to save all the logs generated by the program.

Congratulations! The "TravelGO" project has been successfully deployed and is ready to handle the project's logistics and provide RESTful APIs for the front end to access.
